README.md, before:

# AW_APS

> ⚠️⚠️ This is a heavy W.I.P! Features will be broken, and force pushes will be used! ⚠️⚠️

### Angel's Penetration System

A fully open-source implementation of Dynamic Penetration Shader systems. Compatible with DPS, TPS, and SPS, this is meant as an animation suite for those shaders, not as a replacement to them. 

To use this with SPS it is **highly recommended** you build an editor copy of your penetrator in order for it to work correctly. This will also reduce compile times.

This project has a hard dependency on [AW_OCS](https://github.com/uhKayla/AW_OCS), our Open Contact Standard, please use that package as well!

Requires NDMF, Modular Avatar, and Animator as Code (with addons for NDMF, MA, and VRC).

### Current status:
Currently you can build animation contacts for penetrators and build everything to do with holes (sockets, whatever). Holes are currently manually placed on the avatar but auto-placement and easier access via serialized transforms is in the pipeline.

Commit message:

Update package dependencies and clean up code
Code clean up included unnecessary namespace removals from several scripts and commented out unused classes. There's also an update to package dependency requirements in `package.json` and README adjustments relating to automation plans and dependency needs.

README.md, after:

# AW_APS

> ⚠️⚠️ This is a heavy W.I.P! Features will be broken, and force pushes will be used! ⚠️⚠️

### Angel's Penetration System

A fully open-source implementation of Dynamic Penetration Shader systems. Compatible with DPS, TPS, and SPS, this is meant as an animation suite for those shaders, not as a replacement to them. 

To use this with SPS it is **highly recommended** you build an editor copy of your penetrator in order for it to work correctly. This will also reduce compile times.

This project has a hard dependency on [AW_OCS](https://github.com/uhKayla/AW_OCS), our Open Contact Standard, please use that package as well!

Requires NDMF ~~, Modular Avatar, and Animator as Code (with addons for NDMF, MA, and VRC).~~

### Current status:
Currently you can build animation contacts for penetrators and build everything to do with holes (sockets, whatever). Holes are currently manually placed on the avatar but auto-placement and easier access via serialized transforms is in the pipeline.

There is currently no automation of enable / disable animations, but this is planned as soon as we sort out dependency requirements.
